docs: update link to `did-fail-load` events (#25794)
electron/electron: docs/api/web-contents.md

* `frameRoutingId` Integer

This event is like `did-finish-load` but emitted when the load failed.

> The full list of error codes and their meaning is available [here](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/master/net/base/net_error_list.h).

Reviewer: What about the updated Code Search link?

```suggestion
The full list of error codes and their meaning is available [here](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/master:net/base/net_error_list.h).
```

Author: Thank you!
